Docs / PEFT: Add PEFT API documentation (#31078)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/peft.md

model.load_adapter(peft_model_id)
```

> Check out the [API documentation](#API-docs) section below for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Check out the [API documentation](#transformers.integrations.PeftAdapterMixin) section below for more details.
```

> Check out the [API documentation](#API-documentation) section below for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Check out the [API documentation](#API-docs) section below for more details.
```
